Improve uninstall instructions (#16938)
docker/docs: desktop/uninstall.md

<br>
To uninstall Docker Desktop from your Mac:

> 1. From the Docker menu, select **Troubleshoot** (the bug icon) and then select **Uninstall**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the Docker menu, select the **Troubleshoot** icon in the top-right corner of Docker Dashboard and then select **Uninstall**.
```
